Hey guys i'm Noted from GamesAcademy i wil show you today some pretty cool ways to win a round as a ct on the bombsite "B' of de_dust2
usually the guy who plays on the bombsite "B" is very lonely player
he needs to have some tricks to handle this bomb
so in a pistol round there somethings you can do to win a round for your team
the first thing is to come behind this box here on de half-body position sometimes i like to press duck here
is a very interesting position
and at the same time i have 2 flashbangs with me, I'm used to stop the terrorists rush
and also help on the backup of my teammates
so what i like to do, i'm aways try to do a good teamplay, like making some grenade
this will show i am here but will help my teammates a lot because on the pistol trs are not using kevlar
so this will take a lot of health of terrorists
so.. ok i bang a grenade, i need a defensive flashbang now so i make that one, and back to the half-position
so this flash will not blind you, they wil turn to the flash and you try to kill someone in this seconds
when you realize the flash time is over, you come here and make this another flashbang and get back to the half-position
so this another flash will give you more time to kill
i will show you how good is that flashbang now
then you need to understand the flash time, takes three seconds to blow, then in the meantime you need to be quick
so is basically this guys
this flash takes a lot of time to explode and you can kill a lot of terrorists doing this
so is pretty usefull
I do not advise you to do the armed, because this box is easy to wallbang
on armed i like to come here, on the starix box wait for some rush
another really cool flashbang is that one, you can do it on armed is really good
is that one, so you come here, point your crosshair side this box and bang!
this flash explode high, and its a no reaction flash also
so what i do, it's make this flash, kill one or two, and get back for a good position
i like to stay on NO obvious positions, like that one
i will show you some BAD position,
so a relly cool thing FalleN teach me is never stay on obvious positions
so i like stay here, waiting for the terrorists, or here
I want to clarify here is that you should think about what the other team is thinking too
and you need to have quick actions like i said to kill some terrorists rushing
another really cool movimentation to use behide this box, fallen teach this on a FREEclass i will put the link os description
make some strafes shooting
for a good strafe you need to press "A" and when you see a enemy pres "D" at the same time you shot him !
is basically this guys
so this is it guys thanks !
whatch also !